✨ Add docs generating (#1)
Monogramm/recod_frappe_devtools: recod_frappe_devtools/docs/user/index.md

This is the User Guide for **Recod Frappe DevTools**.

> ## Recod Frappe DevTools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Summary
```

Frappe application to provide more/better development tools.

## Roadmap
See [Taiga.io](https://tree.taiga.io/project/monogrammbot-monogrammrecod_frappe_devtools/ "Taiga.io monogrammbot-monogrammrecod_frappe_devtools")

> ## How to use this application
> 
> ```sh
> bench build-app-docs
> ```
> 
> ## Install
> 
> **Install Frappe application**
> 
> ```sh
> bench get-app https://github.com/Monogramm/recod_frappe_devtools
> bench install-app recod_frappe_devtools
> ```
> 
> ## Usage
> 
> How to use this application:
> 
> Run command
> ```sh
> bench build-app-docs
> ```
> and refer to url `/docs`. You will see the generated docs from `recod_frappe_devtools/docs` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use this application

Check out official documentation at <https://monogramm.github.io/recod_frappe_devtools/>.
```
